---
layout:   post
title:    "Release v0.11.0!"
date:     2026-06-07 12:00:00 +0200
category: announcement
---

We are excited to announce the release of version v0.11.0!

But, before we dive into the details, I want to make a quick announcement.

I am Igor (Ihor) Zubkov, new maintainer of Errbit.

I don't plan to change the direction of the project. I will continue to
maintain Errbit as a self-hosted error tracking solution, and I will do
my best to keep it up-to-date with the latest technologies and security patches.

Now, let's talk about the new features and improvements in version v0.11.0.

So, new Errbit release is faster, secure and more modern than ever before.

Small changelog:

1. Ruby 4.0.5.
2. RubyGems 4.0.13 and Bundler 4.0.13.
3. Rails 8.1.3.
4. We don't support JRuby anymore.
5. We removed Gtalk and HipChat notification services. Both services are dead.
6. Removed support for MongoDB 4.0, 4.2, 4.4, 5.0 and 6.0. We added support for MongoDB 8.2.
7. Alpine docker image removed. We don't want to support two docker builds.
8. Enable strict locals for ActionView.
9. Replace Fabrication with FactoryBot.
10. Replace outdated `ri_cal` gem with `icalendar`.
11. Replace outdated `rushover` gem with `pushover2`.
12. Migrate `app/views/**/*.haml.erb` to `app/views/**/*.html.erb`.
13. Add GitHub Action for Bundler Audit and Brakeman.
14. Integrate Trivy for container image scanning.
15. Deprecated `sucker_punch` gem was removed. Active Job is uses `async` queue adapter instead.
16. Start integrating `pundit` gem. From now on, only admin users can see all users.
17. Add mailer previews.
18. Replace Fabrication with FactoryBot.
19. Fix API JSON serialization for Mongoid documents (PR #2597) by @elektronaut
20. Fix `ResolvedProblemClearer`. Compact can fail (second case for #1551). PR #1905.

Our plans for the future include:

1. Migrate to SQL database (ActiveRecord). Ref: [#2832](https://github.com/errbit/errbit/pull/2832).
2. Using Errbit as an MCP Server. Ref: [#2873](https://github.com/errbit/errbit/pull/2873)
3. OIDC (aka OpenID Connect) support. Ref: [#2634](https://github.com/errbit/errbit/pull/2634) 

We are also looking for contributors to help us with these plans. If you are
interested in contributing, please check out our [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/errbit/errbit/issues).

